Hello everyone, welcome back.
So this is the second problem.
And just remember this.
The problem, I bring here, it is a follow up problem, the follow problem for SUPW.
Just think of it in such a way.
As we have discussed earlier.
So there is always a follow up problem of a problem.
Yeah.
So in this, it says that there's an IPL auction something.
And the match fees for them for each match in new season have been announced in advance.
Each team has to enforce a mandatory rotation policy so that no player ever gets 3 matches in a row
Just a little, little opposite.
that here it say that
Each player cannot.
Play 3 matches in a row right.
so nikhil is the captain chooses the team for each match.
He wants to allocate a playing schedule for himself to maximize his earnings through match fees during
the season.
Basically.
Let's say I have ten matches.
I can be play matches.
Right.
I have to find out the maximum subset of this array, basically.
It's a subset right, a SUPW problem as well.
It was a subset indirectly.
Right.
So in that problem what happened we had to find out minimum such that no like no.
So I have to pick at least one from the consecutive into the 3 days right?.
In this What we have to do is just the opposite.
I cannot play three days in a row.
I can play two days in a row.
One day in a row.
But.
Here.
I have to find out the maximum value, you just try it yourself first and then we'll move on to this.
It's very, very similar to the previous one.
You can apply it any programming solution in this as well.
But here's a slight trick involved.
Right.
So let's discuss this.
Okay.
You can make some DP values, DP arrays then try to find the value or the best approach for this problem
would be to learn from the previous problem.
The previous problem was just a complement problem of this.
In this, I cannot play three days in a row, in that I cannot leave three days in a row.
It is a complement problem in that I have to maximize things in that I've do minimize things.
So why don't I just pick up the sum of this whole array?
let's say sum of all the values minus the answer to the previous problem, which is the SUPW
problem.
For this array
Right.
What does SUPW problem gives me.
It gives me.
Okay.
So that problem gives me this, which is the minimum.
The minimum, sum such that.
No three days in a row are not played kind of right.
But in this, what I have to do is what if I just subtract everything from this?
What if I subtract this subset from the sum, what I'll get, I get these values?
Right, which is three, two, two, three, three, two.
Which means it.
By not playing these games one, one.
And this and this one.
What you can do is you can.
Play.
You can earn the maximum and also you will not played 3 days in a row.
It's just the compliment of the previous problem.
If you think about it, it's a very simple problem you can code it as well.
Well, actually, we've already coded this.
You just have to in the code.
what you have to do is just.
print sum - something
And you have to find sum of the array.
And I hope you got this.
And sometimes problem are like this,  just remember this.
Every DP problem is a follow up problem of a previous problem.
So these are very basic problem and all the problems are kind of a follow up based on that basic problem.
And we'll see more about this in the later sections as well.
So thank you, everyone.
See you In the next part.